---
layout: post
author: acoollevel
---

To mark one week since the initial release of the extension, here's a brand new update!

## Users in the first week
Before we get to what's in this update, here's a quick rundown of how the extension performed on the Chrome Web Store:
- Total current users: 108
  - Windows: 72
  - Mac OS: 35
  - Linux: 1
- Daily impressions: 37 (5 May)
- Daily installs: 72 (5 May)

The data above is provided by the Chrome Web Store. Because Firefox users need to install the extension through Github, their number is unknown.

## New Features
- Screenshot button: Easily take a screenshot of the current frame
- Continue watching: The extension now saves how far you have watched into a lecture, so you can continue watching later. This data syncs between devices if you are signed into your browser, using the APIs provided by Chrome and Firefox.
- Remember volume: The extension now remembers your preferred volume for lectures, so your speakers don't blast at full volume everytime you start a new lecture.
- New keyboard shortcut: Press '/' to reset the speed.
- Popups: When you press a keyboard shortcut a popup will now appear letting you know what happened. For example, if you speed up the video using '>', there will be a popup letting you know the current speed.
- A new icon designed in Inkscape, to replace the bland default puzzle piece or whatever.

## New Website
This website was set up to let people know where to go to download the extension. Rather than just pointing them to Github release pages which eventually become out-of-date. Initially I was using the default Github pages theme for this, but it didn't end up including all the features I needed. I have now rewritten the website from scratch to be a lot faster and more expandable, which will save us plenty of time in the future.

## Contributors
Thanks to [@demar42](https://github.com/demar42) for the contribution of speed keyboard shortcuts added in 0.2.1.

## Future development
- Features that are currently under development can be seen on our [Github Roadmap](https://github.com/acoollevel/uoa-mediaplayer-plus/projects/1?fullscreen=true).
- A Safari version has been requested. As I don't have access to any Apple devices and the Windows version of Safari is horribly out of date, I probably won't be able to work on this anytime soon. If you'd like to work on Safari support, please let me know.

## Community
A [community discord](https://discord.gg/sJbs6hu) has been set up. Anyone that uses the extension can join, ask questions, request features, etc.

That's all :)